Lidar to grid map
--------------------

.. image:: https://github.com/AtsushiSakai/PythonRoboticsGifs/raw/master/Mapping/lidar_to_grid_map/animation.gif

This simple tutorial shows how to read LIDAR (range) measurements from a
file and convert it to occupancy grid.

Occupancy grid maps (*Hans Moravec, A.E. Elfes: High resolution maps
from wide angle sonar, Proc. IEEE Int. Conf. Robotics Autom. (1985)*)
are a popular, probabilistic approach to represent the environment. The
grid is basically discrete representation of the environment, which
shows if a grid cell is occupied or not. Here the map is represented as
a ``numpy array``, and numbers close to 1 means the cell is occupied
(*marked with red on the next image*), numbers close to 0 means they are
free (*marked with green*). The grid has the ability to represent
unknown (unobserved) areas, which are close to 0.5.

.. figure:: lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial/grid_map_example.png

In order to construct the grid map from the measurement we need to
discretise the values. But, first let’s need to ``import`` some
necessary packages.

.. code:: ipython3

    import math
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from math import cos, sin, radians, pi

The measurement file contains the distances and the corresponding angles
in a ``csv`` (comma separated values) format. Let’s write the
``file_read`` method:

.. code:: ipython3

    def file_read(f):
        """
        Reading LIDAR laser beams (angles and corresponding distance data)
        """
        measures = [line.split(",") for line in open(f)]
        angles = []
        distances = []
        for measure in measures:
            angles.append(float(measure[0]))
            distances.append(float(measure[1]))
        angles = np.array(angles)
        distances = np.array(distances)
        return angles, distances

From the distances and the angles it is easy to determine the ``x`` and
``y`` coordinates with ``sin`` and ``cos``. In order to display it
``matplotlib.pyplot`` (``plt``) is used.

.. code:: ipython3

    ang, dist = file_read("lidar01.csv")
    ox = np.sin(ang) * dist
    oy = np.cos(ang) * dist
    plt.figure(figsize=(6,10))
    plt.plot([oy, np.zeros(np.size(oy))], [ox, np.zeros(np.size(oy))], "ro-") # lines from 0,0 to the 
    plt.axis("equal")
    bottom, top = plt.ylim()  # return the current ylim
    plt.ylim((top, bottom)) # rescale y axis, to match the grid orientation
    plt.grid(True)
    plt.show()



.. image:: lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial/lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial_5_0.png


The ``lidar_to_grid_map.py`` contains handy functions which can used to
convert a 2D range measurement to a grid map. For example the
``bresenham`` gives the a straight line between two points in a grid
map. Let’s see how this works.

.. code:: ipython3

    import lidar_to_grid_map as lg
    map1 = np.ones((50, 50)) * 0.5
    line = lg.bresenham((2, 2), (40, 30))
    for l in line:
        map1[l[0]][l[1]] = 1
    plt.imshow(map1)
    plt.colorbar()
    plt.show()



.. image:: lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial/lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial_7_0.png


.. code:: ipython3

    line = lg.bresenham((2, 30), (40, 30))
    for l in line:
        map1[l[0]][l[1]] = 1
    line = lg.bresenham((2, 30), (2, 2))
    for l in line:
        map1[l[0]][l[1]] = 1
    plt.imshow(map1)
    plt.colorbar()
    plt.show()



.. image:: lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial/lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial_8_0.png


To fill empty areas, a queue-based algorithm can be used that can be
used on an initialized occupancy map. The center point is given: the
algorithm checks for neighbour elements in each iteration, and stops
expansion on obstacles and free boundaries.

.. code:: ipython3

    from collections import deque
    def flood_fill(cpoint, pmap):
        """
        cpoint: starting point (x,y) of fill
        pmap: occupancy map generated from Bresenham ray-tracing
        """
        # Fill empty areas with queue method
        sx, sy = pmap.shape
        fringe = deque()
        fringe.appendleft(cpoint)
        while fringe:
            n = fringe.pop()
            nx, ny = n
            # West
            if nx > 0:
                if pmap[nx - 1, ny] == 0.5:
                    pmap[nx - 1, ny] = 0.0
                    fringe.appendleft((nx - 1, ny))
            # East
            if nx < sx - 1:
                if pmap[nx + 1, ny] == 0.5:
                    pmap[nx + 1, ny] = 0.0
                    fringe.appendleft((nx + 1, ny))
            # North
            if ny > 0:
                if pmap[nx, ny - 1] == 0.5:
                    pmap[nx, ny - 1] = 0.0
                    fringe.appendleft((nx, ny - 1))
            # South
            if ny < sy - 1:
                if pmap[nx, ny + 1] == 0.5:
                    pmap[nx, ny + 1] = 0.0
                    fringe.appendleft((nx, ny + 1))

This algotihm will fill the area bounded by the yellow lines starting
from a center point (e.g. (10, 20)) with zeros:

.. code:: ipython3

    flood_fill((10, 20), map1)
    map_float = np.array(map1)/10.0
    plt.imshow(map1)
    plt.colorbar()
    plt.show()



.. image:: lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial/lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial_12_0.png


Let’s use this flood fill on real data:

.. code:: ipython3

    xyreso = 0.02  # x-y grid resolution
    yawreso = math.radians(3.1)  # yaw angle resolution [rad]
    ang, dist = file_read("lidar01.csv")
    ox = np.sin(ang) * dist
    oy = np.cos(ang) * dist
    pmap, minx, maxx, miny, maxy, xyreso = lg.generate_ray_casting_grid_map(ox, oy, xyreso, False)
    xyres = np.array(pmap).shape
    plt.figure(figsize=(20,8))
    plt.subplot(122)
    plt.imshow(pmap, cmap = "PiYG_r") 
    plt.clim(-0.4, 1.4)
    plt.gca().set_xticks(np.arange(-.5, xyres[1], 1), minor = True)
    plt.gca().set_yticks(np.arange(-.5, xyres[0], 1), minor = True)
    plt.grid(True, which="minor", color="w", linewidth = .6, alpha = 0.5)
    plt.colorbar()
    plt.show()


.. parsed-literal::

    The grid map is  150 x 100 .



.. image:: lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial/lidar_to_grid_map_tutorial_14_1.png

